Add data warehouse docs (#560)
deployment-gap-model-education-fund/deployment-gap-model: docs/data-warehouse/_eia860m__changelog__generators.md

# _eia860m__changelog__generators

This table contains change-log style EIA 860M generator data sourced from Catalyst Cooperative's PUDL resources.

> This table is not intended for analysis and is largely just a building block for other EIA data warehouse tables (indicated by the leading underscore in the name.) Derived from [this PUDL table](https://catalystcoop-pudl.readthedocs.io/en/stable/data_dictionaries/pudl_db.html#core-eia860m-changelog-generators), this table is a changelog of monthly reported generator data. There is a record corresponding to the first instance of a generator and associated characteristics with a report_date column and a valid_until_date column. Whenever any of the reported EIA-860M data was changed for a record, there will be a new changelog record with a new report_date.

Reviewer: We should probably use the new `docs.catalyst.coop` link so this doesn't get outdated.

```suggestion
This table is not intended for analysis and is largely just a building block for other EIA data warehouse tables (indicated by the leading underscore in the name.) Derived from [this PUDL table](https://docs.catalyst.coop/pudl/en/latest/data_dictionaries/pudl_db.html#core-eia860m-changelog-generators), this table is a changelog of monthly reported generator data. There is a record corresponding to the first instance of a generator and associated characteristics with a report_date column and a valid_until_date column. Whenever any of the reported EIA-860M data was changed for a record, there will be a new changelog record with a new report_date.
```
